 then i need a chatbot at the corner of the website for health assistant realted to calorie estiamtor.   but there is no changes in the website now. i need the chatbot at corner of the website, meal plan, scan food, alternatives ,workout, history should be a separate page that should redirect while onclicking the button in the header. include these 5 in header and while clicking it should redirect to its corresponding page. i need  separate page for each one.scan food should have take photo or upload image after uploading it should analysis the food image and estimate the calorie and other vitamins, minerals carbohydrates, for each food item in the picrure. then save as pdf and history button should be available. in history page it should list the food already uploaded and estiamred claorie details it should have update or delete it. then in mela plan now i want to create a webaite with all necessary features , image of food upload after uploading it should analysis the food and estimate for each food item how much calorie it contains and calculate the total calorie then it should give result of each food with calorie protien carbohydrates vitamins minerals composiiton , then generate a report pdf and save to history button shoul be ther, after clicking the sve to button it should store in history page of all the details of the food with calorie estimator. then i need food alternatives junk food, fast food to healthier food changer food items , for example parrota is madi with maida but healthier alternative is paroota is made with whole wheat flour is good. like this food alternative both as text search and image uploading. then i need meal plan generator there it should have height, weight, type of meal veg or non veg, duration of meal 4 per day or 3 per day , health issues like pcod, diabetics, allergies like sea food, diary products, male or female. after giving these input generate a meal planer for that breakfast , lunch , dinner, snacks, drinks with calore for each schedule and total calorie per day should be calculated from this meal plan generatoer. then in workout page it should show height, wegint,bmi, male or female , heath issues like preganancy, muscle pain categotry separe workouts after geting these input create a workout plan with emojis of doing with timer. after compelting how much the calorie is burned and reduce from should be estimated. the head and footer page should be designed. then login and signup page should be designed. give images for all pages compulsory. give a attractive website that looks professional website with more interactive and UI should be responsive 